- The vibe continues here,
and what I'm going for
is like a return to the classic
elegance of the 1920s,
like "Great Gatsby"
kind of thing,
- Yeah!
- Gold, glitz, glamour.
- Don't go crazy.
It's just a policeman's ball.
- Oh, okay.
Well, you know what, then?
Why don't I just get
a bunch of foot-long subs,
and I can just throw 'em
out there
and people could devour them
"Game of Thrones" style?
- Now you're talking.
- Throw in a couple of
Oatmeal Cream Pies...
- I'll be down
in a catcher's mitt--
are you kidding me?
- Thank you so much--
- No-no-no-no-no--
- Yes. I have to.
- No need--it wasn't a big deal.
- It is a big deal.
I know you pulled some strings
to get me this job,
and I just want to thank you.
It means a lot to me.
- Oh, I don't think
you heard right.
I told Chief McGrath,
"Do not hire Emma."
- Oh, is that right?
- Yeah, I said,
"She's really horrible
at her job..."
- Yeah?
- "And she's definitely
not gonna nail this
like she does everything else."
- Oh, okay.
- Yeah.
- Thank you for
not supporting me.
- You're absolutely welcome.
- I guess that's what
I meant to say.
If you could write me
a Yelp review,
that would be great.
- [laughs]
By the way, if this goes south,
I am not gonna take my clothes
off and save your ass
like last time, okay?
- Emma, we're ready!
- For once, I have
all the help I need,
'cause I know I drive you
crazy.
- You do.
You drive me so crazy.
- All right, let's get
these lights turned on.
- Dan, my man!
Hey!
Pitching in?
Helping out?
- Hi
- Hi. Nice to see you.
Emma didn't tell me,
uh...
I didn't expect
to see you here.
You'll be seeing a lot of me.
I'm gonna help out all week.
- Oh, yeah?
- Making him work for it.
- You're gonna be here
on the actual night?
- Yeah.
- You're gonna hang out
with a bunch of
boring cops?
- Oh, I'm here for this one.
I can't get enough of
my little pony.
- Sorry--what did you call her?
- Nothing.
It's nothing.
- I've been calling her pony,
'cause she kicks in bed.
- All right--
- What does that mean?
- Nothing.
- After we're done--
- That's okay--
- After you're done,
she's kicking?
- I would love
to see those lights.
- Yeah, let's dive in.
Dan, let's show 'em
what we're working with!
- All right!
- Okay, guys, get ready
for Tokyo New Year!
Three, two, one...
- * Ah
Aw...
- Wow. Ha.
Oof. That did not work, Dan.
- [chuckling]
- Okay, easy, there.
I'm not paying him
anything.
- Guys, how 'bout we let
Officer Rodriguez
take a little look-see here?
Sometimes what you
just need to do
is you just jiggle
the outlet with a knife.
- With a what?
No, don't do that.
- No, no, no.
[overlapping comments]
[zzzzt]
- Whee-ah!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
Ooh, that smarts.
- You okay?
- Yeah. No, I'm good.
I'm tasting copper
there...
- Oh, is that your
fillings?
- Just gotta look...
[overlapping chatter]
[zzzt]
- Did you seriously
do it again?
- Hee! Hot damn!
Whoo!
Here's the problem.
It's a little loose--
- Mark--
- No, stop, absolutely no--
[zzzt]
[overlapping shouts]
- There it is.
There you go.
- Yep.
- Are you okay, man?
- Yeah, baby.
Just feeling juiced!
[laughing
- Looks great.
- Whoo!
- I--
[Say Hi's "Back before
We Were Brittle" playing]
- * Hey, remember when
* All of time stood still
* Ooh, do do do do
* Back before we were brittle
* Back before
we were brittle *
- You ready for
this first scrammer?
- Uh, you know I am.
- Here she comes.
- [laughs]
Okay...no!
Mark, no!
- What?
What's wrong with this?
- That is a Mandarin
collar,
and you are neither
an Asian gentleman
nor Steven Seagal,
so go back from whence
you came, sir.
- No, but look, I'm just
talking about...schwax.
Talking about...
sker-slack.
Schwax, schwax--I'm getting
a little bit of this,
I'm talking about--
ba-twan!
- Oh--[laughs]
- I'm really serious
about this garment.
- If you think Emma's
gonna let you in the ball
looking like Jon Secada,
you got another think
coming.
- How's that going, anyway,
uh, with Dan and Emma?
- Oh, good, I think.
He just came up
to the lake for a weekend.
- Oh, Rabby D. got an invite
to Kimmewah?
- Yeah.
- Serious, I guess.
All right. And she--
And she's happy with him?
He, uh, he's--
he's good to her
and she's into him
and stuff?
- What are you doing?
- What? Nothin'.
Just--I'm just asking...
questions that friends
ask about friends, I don't--
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
- It's just that, uh,
like I was surprised
to see Emma and Dan,
because she's, uh, she's been
giving me different signals.
- Talking about
the ankle night?
- Hmm?
- You talking about
the ankle night
when you guys
were mounting each other?
- We--[stammers]
- You just signed
your divorce papers
and stopped wearing
a garbage bag as a suit,
so maybe you wanna
cool your jets?
- [laughing] What?
My jets are cool, okay?
My jets are cold,
you understand?
They're so cold,
you gotta de-ice my jets.
That's how cold they are.
My jets are so freaking cold,
they don't even have beef
with the Sharks anymore.
Bam! "West Side Story."
- Not many men can quote--
- "West Side!"
- Okay, okay.
Hey, who are you
taking to this thing?
- Uh, probs...
probs going solo.
Yeah, just, you know,
there's this one girl
who's been
hound-dogging me--
- Really?
- Yeah, yeah.
I really wish I just
had a friend
who'd go with me and just,
like, get on that dance floor
and just ramp it up!
You know what I mean?
- I'm trying to think
if there's anybody
that can do this--
- What? Oh, no!
- Oh...
- Oh, no!
Oh!
[shrilly] What up?
You gotta do that!
Oh!
[both laughing]
All right,
you can come with me,
but you gotta be okay
with me wearing this.
- No, no, no.
What is that?
You look like Bell,
Biv, and Devoe.
- Never trust a big butt
and a smile, girl.
- [laughs]
[beep, click, click]
- "Load letter A4"?
What does that even mean?
- Hey! I got
the dry cleaning.
All good--they were
about to close.
- I love you so much.
Can you look at this printer?
Because it hates my guts.
- Yeah, absolutely.
[beeps, hums]
There we go.
- Yes! What would I do
without you?
You're my Mrs. Patmore.
- [British accent] Is that
right?
- [accent] Yeah, it's right!
- Don't mess around
with Thomas.
He's up to no good!
- Argh!
All right, done and done!
- Hey, so I just had
a question for ya.
- Shoot.
- Um...is it okay
if I continue to help you
up until the night,
but then on the actual night,
I don't help you?
- Oh, why?
- Mark asked me to go with him.
- Oh! Oh, okay.
- Yeah, I mean,
just as a friend, like as
- Yeah!
- a wingman with body rolls.
- You know what, I'll just
have to figure out a few things,
but I think that should
be fine.
- Okay. I can tell
from the way you're acting
it's not fine.
- No--
- There is another woman
who asked him,
so he can just go
with her--
- No, I don't wanna--
wait, who's this woman?
- I don't know--her name
is Giselle Zarkovic.
- That's not a real name.
- It is, yeah.
She's a ballistics tech
and she's Argentinean,
half-Croatian, so she's got
those international cheekbones.
- Wow, those are a lot of
different details that makes up
up a different kind of woman--
- She actually kind of
looks like Andie McDowell.
- I never really cared for her
in "Four Weddings
and a Funeral," so...
You know what?
I'm looking through
my list,
and I'm weighing
the options here,
and I actually--I think
you should go with Mark.
- Really?
- Go, I insist.
- Okay, but I'm gonna find the
perfect person to replace me.
- I know, Emma,
I'm not your first choice,
but I'm not gonna
let you down.
Sometimes the substitute teacher
ends up being
the one you like the best.
- Get your hands
out of your pants!
- Aye-aye, Captain.
- Bruce, you're on
water duty tonight.
If you spill on anybody,
I will have you taken
directly to jail.
- That seems harsh,
but absolutely.
Quick question.
- Yes.
- After I'm finished
with my duties,
would it be okay if I...
dance?
- What are you talking
about?
- There's gonna be a lot
of beautiful,
available women
here tonight.
I know that most of them
are gonna be gunning for Mark,
but I'd love to catch
some of that run-off if I could.
- Gross. Yes. Fine.
Do whatever you want.
- Great.
- Can I ask you something?
Do you know anything about
this Giselle Zebra-witch woman?
- Giselle Zarkovic?
- Yeah.
- Oh, she's way out of
my league.
She looks just like
Andie McDowell.
- Uh-huh.
- But warmer.
More spontaneous.
- All right.
Can you get out of my face?
- Absolutely.
[murmurs]
- Hey.
- Oh--what? Wow!
Whoo! I'm sorry.
I am so sorry.
I am just under
a lot of stress.
I thought you were Bruce,
and I don't like him.
- It's okay.
- Okay.
- Sorry.
- Look at me, look at me.
- Yeah.
- All this...
- Mm-hmm?
- You got it.
- Okay. Thank you.
- Yeah. You got it.
- No, I know--thank you.
- Okay.
- No, no, no, hey.
Eye contact.
Okay?
- Mm-hmm.
- You are exceeding...
every expectation.
- Okay.
Thank you.
- Can I go now, 'cause I just
have some things to...
Okay. Thank you.
Thank you so much, though.
Thanks.
- Of course.
- All right, table eight.
Enjoy your night.
- Hey, hey, hey,
Emma!
- [gasps]
Chief McGrath!
The man of the hour!
Don't you worry.
I got a plate of hot spagetts
coming right to your table.
- You know, you always take
really good care of me.
- You deserve it.
Okay, have a great time.
- Rodriguez.
Sergeant Rodriguez.
- Wow, Mark!
Um...you are in a...
this is a tuxedo.
- Yes, it is.
- Okay! [laughs]
Man, if you were wearing
something like this
at senior prom
instead of that
all-beige
Boyz II Men getup,
maybe you would have
gotten lucky!
- As I recall,
I still did.
- Did you?
Is that what--happened?
I don't have to check
the journals on that one, but...
Where is Maggie?
- Did someone say my name?
Oh, hello.
- Oh, Maggie!
You're stunning!
- Hoo hoo hoo!
- Top to bottom!
- Look at you, girl!
- I just got it
at T.J. Maxx--no big deal.
- Oh, is that it?
It's gorgeous!
- Thank you!
- Let's give you a spin.
- Oh, shall I?
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh...
[all chuckling]
- Oh! You ready
to go, beautiful?
- Well--
- Yes!
She is!
Yes, she is!
She is.
And we can is just
what I was saying.
Well, you better
get in there, you jerks.
You're gonna be
the belles of the ball.
- All right.
- And I'll just--I'll be here...
- Okay.
- If you need anything.
God...
Giselle?
Giselle Zarkovic.
- Wow, you do look like
Andie McDowell.
- I'm sorry?
- Oh, nothing.
I just said that you look
like a friend of mine, um,
Shpandy McSpowell
from high school.
Popular, but slutty.
But not her fault.
'Cause she developed early,
and everyone was like,
"I gotta touch it," so...
Anyway,
you're at table 24.
Great cheekbones.
.
- And now we come to
the highlight of the night,
and that is the award
for the Pinebrook Police
Department's
Officer of the Year.
- Boom, boom, nailed it.
- Since he joined the force,
Mark has single-handedly
transformed law enforcement
right here in Pinebrook,
and somehow he still finds time
to do outreach work
for children with special needs
through Easter Seals...
- Sounds like
a pretty cool guy.
- Hey!
Why didn't you tell me
you were getting an award
tonight?
- You know I don't like
this kinda stuff.
I just...I don't know.
Just didn't tell you.
- Okay.
- Not to mention, by the way,
his daring ice rescue
earlier this year--
Griff Lutski--
and I know Griff is here.
Griff, give us a little wave
or something...
- Come on, man.
Ice rescue?
- Well, yeah.
He was under the ice.
You gotta do something.
- So all the times I thought
you weren't doing police work,
you really were?
- I told you that I was.
So I don't really understand
why you don't believe me.
- I'm still not sold.
- You couldn't ask for
a kinder, more genuine,
and handsome man,
our Officer of the Year,
let's welcome
Sergeant Mark Rodriguez.
- I'll catch you later.
[applause]
- Sneak attack!
Back rub.
- Oh, God. Wow, you
really scared me. Sorry.
- Why so tense?
- Congratulations.
- Whoo!
Whoo!
- Give it a rest,
Andie McDowell.
- What's that?
- Oh, nothing.
Just...do you think
that woman over there
looks like
Andie McDowell?
- Oh, yeah.
Kinda.
- Yeah?
- But younger.
[chuckles]
[hip-hop music]
*
- Boss! Hey, boss!
- Yeah.
- All right, tables are cleared.
Sauces are legally married.
Is it all right if I hit
the dance floor?
- Sure, Bruce.
I saw...
Andie McDowell
out there.
You gonna make
your move?
- Naw. Think she's got
the hots for Mark.
- Oh, I don't know,
Bruce.
What if you were
to go out there,
tap her on the shoulder,
and show her what you got?
- Me? Ah...
I'm just the water guy.
- Bruce...
on the dance floor,
[whispers]
anything's possible.
- Roger that.
No.
Roger Rabbit that!
- Oh, I don't know.
That wasn't--okay.
What are you doing, Emma?
Just stop doing it.
Just stop it.
- Oh, hey!
- Oh, God.
- What are you doing in here?
- Nothing.
I'm just, um...
- You have Capital D?
- No. No, I'm just
having some, um,
some feelings in here
that I'm not comfortable with.
- And that's not Capital D?
'Cause I have a whole--
- Just, um...
- Oh, God,
you're coming in close.
- I'm having feelings.
- Okay.
- Like, um...
- What kind of feelings?
- Like I'm looking
at Mark,
and then I'm having
feelings.
So what are these
feelings, Maggie?
- I-I don't know.
What are they?
- They're just that
I wanna be into it...
and onto it
[whispers] and beside it!
- Okay, so you're having
like a surge of heat
and attraction.
- Yes!
And why am I having
these feelings?
Because things are
finally good with Dan!
And why wouldn't I want
to throw away
a perfectly great relationship
with a perfectly great guy
and instead,
move over to a guy
who wears a garbage bag
on his day off?
- Okay, I need you
to calm down--
- And I have a bone
to pick with you.
Yes, I do!
'Cause you are the one
that got him that great tux!
Where did you get that tux?
- Well, the other options were
Jon Secada and "King and I"--
- Either one of them
would have been better!
Oh, God, maybe that's it.
Maybe I wouldn't be
having these feelings
if he wasn't wearing
a tux!
- I don't know, Em.
I mean, weren't you having
these feelings
when he was wearing
a garbage bag?
And weren't you feeling
these same...feelings
when you were 17 and you
saw him for the first time?
- All right, what are you
doing, man?
- I'm just--
- Get out of my brain, okay?
I'm not interested
in your lady tricks, all right?
If this is some sort of
reverse psychology situation,
then I--
Okay, I know.
I know what I need
to do.
I need to recommit
to Dan.
That's it.
- No, that's not at all
what I'm saying.
- Well, whatever you are saying
is not helpful!
- Oh, my God.
- You were terrible
in "Accidental Tourist"--P.S.
- Oh, that was Geena Davis.
I'm so sorry.
- [humming]
[dance music plays]
- Hey, you and me,
dance floor.
- Oh, no, you don't
want me out there.
- Yes, I do want you
out there.
- No, you don't want this.
- Yes, yes.
- I'm not much of a dancer.
- I do--I do want this.
- Okay. I'm sorry
you've got to see this.
Okay, all right.
- What are you doing?
- Hey, don't laugh.
This is my dance.
- This is your dance?
- Mm-hmm.
- You look like a balloon man
at the top of a car dealership.
- [humming]
- Can we not--
can we stop this?
- Oh, thank God!
[slow music begins]
- I don't know
if I can unsee that.
- Thank you for
bringing me tonight.
I had a good time.
- [sighs]
*
- What you eye-balling
over there?
- What? Nothing.
Nothing.
- Yeah, you are.
You're staring straight at Em.
- Yeah, but you don't have
to worry,
'cause my jets are cool.
I'm fine.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, um...
[sighs]
Maybe you just, uh...
[mumbles] turn 'em on.
- I'm sorry--I'm not--
What did you say? What?
- [mumbling] Maybe you
should turn your jets on.
- Turn my whats on?
- Turn those jets on.
- Are you saying turn
my jets on--are you saying--
- Turn your jets on!
- Thank you!
- I'm saying it out loud.
- But why? Why?
- Just 'cause information
has come to light, okay?
And I can't get into
the specifics, but--
- What specifics? What--
What information?
- What happens
in a ladies' bathroom
stays in a ladies'
bathroom.
I've already said too much.
- No, no, no, no--
- Sorry. Oh, shit.
- * I love to move it, move it
Bruce? It's our song.
- * Move it!
- Whoo!
.
[upbeat dance music]
- Well, Maggie and Bruce
are really taking over.
- Oh, yeah.
They always did
their best work
on the dance floor.
*
- I'm sorry, has anyone seen
the Officer of the Year?
[loud cheers]
*
- Okay, okay, everybody,
wait a second.
Everybody, take it easy.
Listen, somebody is gonna have
to call for backup...
because this officer...
is gettin' down.
What?
- Whoo!
*
- You should
get out there.
- No, no, no.
- You know, I was thinking,
I should be getting
anyway.
I-I got to be up early
for morning services.
- Are you sure?
- Please, yeah.
I want you to be
with your friends.
- Oh, okay.
- I'm gonna see you at my...
place later?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Well...
- Hey, thank you
for...everything.
- Yeah. Yeah.
Whatever you need.
*
- What are you doing
out here, Emma?
- I was just, um,
checking to see
if these vines
were still growing.
- Oh, yeah? What's, uh...
what's the verdict?
- Guilty.
I mean good.
It's all--
it's all good.
Hey, congrats again
on the award.
You deserve it.
- Can I tell you something?
- Yeah.
- Last year, a drug-sniffing
pig won the same award.
- Do you think you
could introduce me,
'cause I would love
to get an autograph.
- Well, you know,
he's the commissioner now,
so, he might be busy.
- Hey, where's your medal?
You should be wearing it.
- Oh, I'm not going to wear it.
No, no, come on.
- My God, if I had a medal,
I would wear it all the time.
- Do you want to try
mine on?
- Yeah, I'll give it a shot.
Oh, man.
This is tough stuff.
I would very much like
to kiss you right now, but--
- You have a boyfriend.
And you're not
that kind of girl.
- No.
- And I'm not
that kind of guy.
But, uh, if I was
that kind of guy...
- Yeah?
- I would put my hand
on the small of your back.
- Uh-huh.
- And then I would brush
the hair out of your face.
- And then I would tilt
my face.
- Up towards my--
- Lips.
- But we're not--
we're not those people.
And the last time...
I don't know that
I can do that again.
Unless...
- Conga!
[shouting]
[cheering]
- Dance with us!
[soft piano music]
*
.
- Hey.
- Morning, Mags.
Made you breakfast.
I wasn't sure
if you would be hungry
but I was starvin' majarvin.
- That's really sweet.
Thank you, Bruce.
- Yeah. And Mary Pat's on her
way over with Charlotte.
I made you some coffee.
Half and half and sugar.
That's how you like it,
right?
- Yeah.
Um, Bruce, last night
was, um, crazy.
- Yeah.
And real fun, right?
- Actually, it was real fun.
I just want to make sure that
you and I are on the same page.
- Mags, you can
stop right there.
- Okay.
- Last night was a one-off.
It's like the movie
"Daredevil" or "Gremlins 2."
But nonetheless I had
a very enjoyable experience
and for that, I thank you.
- Oh, well, I'm just happy it
all still works down there,
you know?
- Let me assure you, madam,
everything is in
tip-top condition.
Really. Fantastic stuff.
- Thank you.
[laughs]
- Morning, Emma.
- Hey, Bruce.
What is Bruce doing here?
- Wh--where were you
last night?
- I broke up with Dan.
- Aw, Rabby Dan?
I'm sorry.
Oh, it's okay. Here, sit down.
Bruce made us pancakes.
- Wait, did you have sex
with Bruce?
- One thing at a time.
- Did it all work
down there?
- Right as rain.